The former commander may not have spiritual good deeds,
I only do your bidding. They are two handsome people,
We have military power and do not need to leave the court.
Tomorrow, we will go to Gongda to collect money.
But no, we are testing Huang Miao.
I'm expecting a grandchild with you. Not safe,
Original handsome. To Quanlian.
Why do we lead troops to kill?
For the people to live and work in peace and contentment. If we continue to fight,
Thousands of elite soldiers have committed robberies, but later they sent troops to recall.
The brothers committed suicide. Very proud,
It will be strong and enemies. Destroy people.
Yue is afraid
False guilt brings gold
You must go back to court immediately
Otherwise you are a rebel
Qin Xiang said a thousand words
The so-called six characters of the country
Go out of your way to get rid of all the expenses
He is dealing with lawyers now
Please call them to join the tour
Learn from our publicity department
Although we don’t care about publicity
I won’t show you how good it is to learn acting.
Is there much hope?
I have tens of millions